<h2 align='center'>Meeting Logs</h2>

:link:*Link to Google Doc:*  https://docs.google.com/document/d/17bz6HQKLpQKGaIJpiZS79etWvF72eXv7Dbc8Oi4ez64/edit?usp=sharing

---


**Meeting on Oct 02, 17:30**
----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila</br>***Location:*** B Building, Bilkent

*Agenda*
 - Decide on the features we want to add or remove
 - Write the description of the project with the added features of our own
 - Set Regular meeting hours: Mon 17:30-19:30, Sat 12:00-14:00
 - Creating GitHub repository

*Action Items*
 - [Hygerta] Create a GitHub repository and invite others (teammates, the TA and the instructor) for collaboration and create the required branch “unstable” with required directories (e.g. “doc”, “src”)
 - [Sila] Write the weekly meeting journal 
 - [Aldo, Baris, Hygerta] Write a draft for initial project description in README.md with links to any similar games, summarizing new features planned
 - [All] Inspected the logic of the game and the mathematics behind it. Found papers that were written about the game and the algorithm of it.

---


**Meeting on Oct 06, 12:00**
----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila</br>***Location:*** Google Hangouts

*Agenda*
 - Discuss the general idea of the project and get some idea of what the final result might look like
 - Discuss further steps towards writing the Analysis Report
 - Look at some examples 
 - Update Meeting Logs on GitHub repository and Project Meetings document on Google Drive

*Action Items*
 - [Aldo] Update the meeting logs file of our GitHub repository 
 - [Hygerta] Responsible for updating Project Meetings Google Doc
 - [All] Conducted more research on the game and discussed some example projects and tried to familiarize with the idea of writing Analysis Reports.

----


**Meeting on Oct 08, 17:30**
----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila</br>***Location:*** B building

*Agenda*
 - Discuss further steps to be taken in order to come up with a draft sample of our first report (Project Analysis report) 
 - Decide on the methodology to be followed:
 - Every member will read the chapters the topics of which are related to the first report that we need to write (until Oct 21) 
 - Then, all together we will discuss all parts 
 - Based on the discussions, we will divide work among members
 - Lastly, we will review parts of each other so that every individual part is coherent and nicely related to what other members have written. 

*Action Items*
 - [Hygerta] Responsible for updating Project Meetings (Google Doc)  
 - [Aldo] Update the meeting logs file of our GitHub repository
 - [All] Discussed the methodology that will be used to further proceed with the writing of the Analysis Report


---


**Meeting on Oct 13, 12:30**
----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila</br>***Location:*** Library Room 06

*Agenda*
- Decide on the UML diagrams (Use Case and Object and class diagrams) 
- Design the diagrams using Visual Paradigm 
- Discuss about User Interface of the game
- Hand-sketch mock-ups
- Divide work and assign tasks

*Action Items*
 - [All] Talked over the main points that need to be included in the Report according to the Project Description Document   
 - [All] Discussed the main diagrams we need to come up with for the Analysis Report 
 - [Hygerta & Sila] Draw the Use case diagram (based on the sketch drawn earlier during discussion  
 - [Aldo] Create a new project in ‘meister task’ and assign tasks (as decided earlier during the meeting) to the other group members as below:
 - [Aldo] 
    - MockUp (‘How-To’ screen and ‘Game/Play’ screen)
    - Write Functional Requirements 
 - [Baris]
    - MockUp (‘Play’ screen)
    - Write Nonfunctional Requirements
 - [Endi]
    - Design of the Object and class model in Visual Paradigm
    - MockUp (‘Levels’ screen)
 - [Hygerta]
    - MockUp (‘Dashboard’ screen and ‘Settings’ screen)
 - [Sila]
    - MockUp (‘MainPage’ screen) 
 - [Hygerta] Update the meeting log (Google Doc)
 - [All] Decided that each member will be coming up with a scenario (based on the Use Case diagram)  
 - [All] Agreed on future discussions for the next meeting (Monday, Oct 15)
 
 
 ---
 
 
 **Meeting on Oct 15, 17:30**
----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila</br>***Location:*** B Building, Bilkent

*Agenda*
 - Discussion: Scenarios and Dynamic diagrams
 - Divide work and assign tasks related to:
   - The writing of textual representation of the use cases of our Use Case diagram
   - Various scenarios
   - Different Dynamic Diagrams (appropriate) for each scenario


*Action Items*
 - [All] Were part of the discussion and were assigned tasks to be done until our next meeting (Saturday, Oct 20) 

---

 **Meeting on Oct 20, 10:00**
----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila</br>***Location:*** Library Room 01

*Agenda*
 - Discussion: Analysis Report
 - Review diagrams and scenarios
 - Create a template
 - Merge the report


*Action Items*
 - [All] Think about what we have done, correct some errors
 - [All] Think about how we will merge the report
 - [Aldo] Write the overview
 - [Hygerta] Complete Introduction
 - [Baris] Update the meeting log
 - [Endi] Copy use case descriptions and scenarios out the same table format 
 - [Hygerta] Prepare a template for Analysis Report
 - [Hygerta] Merge and format the report
 - [All] Review merged report before the deadline
 - [All] Agreed on future discussions about Design Report for the next meeting (Monday, Oct 22)

---
 
 **Meeting on Oct 22, 17:30**
----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila</br>***Location:*** B Building, Bilkent

*Agenda*
 - Discussion: Design Report and first Iteration Demo.
 - Decide a plan on how to procceed the next four weeks that lead to the first demo of the project.
 - There are two scenarios to choose from:
     - Either waiting for the first report feedback, going to Design Report and then the last week go into the implementation.
     - Start working on Design Report immediately so that once the core concept of the application is done.
 - No matter the scenario choose an action plan.


*Action Items*
 - [All] Were part of the discussion and decided that we will follow the second option. Also we decided that the implementation is going to startin parallell to the Design Report phase.
---

 **Meeting on Oct 27, 10:00**
---------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila </br> ***Location:*** Library Room 05, Bilkent

*Agenda*
 - Discussion: Design Report and first iteration demo.
 - According to our UML diagrams from the analysis report, decide on the needed classes.
 - Come up with a low level design for all the classes and the regarding interfaces.
 - Decide on when the implementation stage will begin.
 
 *Action Items*
 - [All] Engaged in the discussion, distributed the designing of the details of classes. Agreed on the next meeting date.
 - [Endi & Aldo] Design the UI (Screen) classes which inherits main, dashboard, tutorial screens etc. with the UI manager.
 - [Hygerta & Sila] Design the engine and the game solver classes with the addition of timer and score manager.
 - [Baris] Design the File Manager class which holds the charts, maps, sound effects, tutorial and skins. 
 ---
 

 **Meeting on Nov 4, 10:00**
---------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila </br> ***Location:*** Library Room 03, Bilkent

*Agenda*
 - Discussion: Design Report and first iteration demo.
 - Combine all the work that was done by the groups of two.
 - Edit and make the designed that was done separately compatible with each other.
 - Distribute the work for doing the diagrams which corresponds to the classes. 
 
 *Action Items*
 - [All] Engaged in the discussion, each of us explained the designs they came up with. Last meeting we have left some classes because it required certain classes to be completed first. We have worked on those classes and finally, completed our design. Created a Visual Diagram project for everyone to work on simultaneously. Distributed the work for certain parts of the diagram and finally, we decided on the teams that will work on different parts of the implementation. 
 - [Sila] Update meeting logs
 ---
 
 
 **Meeting on Nov 6, 16:00**
---------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila </br> ***Location:*** Bilkent Main Campus, Dorm 77

*Agenda*
 - Discussion: Design Report outline components
 - Look at the report examples from previous semesters
 - Divide the remaining work among group members 
 - Fix the next meeting to Thursday, November 8 to review the whole report before submission
 
 *Action Items*
 - [All] Engaged in discussion and agreed on 'who is writing what' for our Design Report 
 - [All] Had a look at the example reports 
 - [Hygerta & Sila] Reviewed the engine, timer and starManager class and completed the UML diagram for these classes
 ---
 
 
  **Meeting on Nov 8, 19:00**
  --------------------------
  
  ***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila </br> ***Location:*** Bilkent Main Campus, Dorm 77
  
 *Agenda*
  - Combine all the pieces divided before for the desing report
  - Fix the next meeting to Monday to talk about how to implementaion is progressing.
 
 *Action Items*
  - [Endi] Textualize the object class diagrams.
  - [Hygerta & Sila] Make component diagrams and write Subsystem Services part.
  - [Aldo] Write Low-level design part.
  - [Baris] Write introduction.
  - [All] Complete what is missing and gather all the work done by individuals.
  ---
   
   
  
**Meeting on Nov 12, 17:30**
---------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila </br> ***Location:*** Bilkent B building

*Agenda*
 - Discussion topic: ‘Encountered problems & Already implemented classes’ 
 - Discussion subtopic: Final Report
 - Fix next meeting’s date and time
 
*Action Items*
 - [All] were part of the discussion.
 - [Aldo, Baris, Endi] Summarized their work on UI classes.
 - [Hygerta, Sila] Discussed some problems in their assigned classes with the other group members.
 - [All] Agreed on having the next meeting on Saturday (to finish writing the Final Report)
 
 ----


**Meeting on Nov 18, 12:00**
----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila</br>***Location:*** Bilkent Library, B block

*Agenda*
 - Finish writing the Final Report
 - Fix some parts in the UI to get a fully working game
 - Prepare presentation slides and divide the parts each member will present the next day
 

*Action Items*
 - [All] Worked collaboratively on completing the missing parts in the Final report and agree on the parts that each member will present
 - [Hygerta & Sila] Prepare presentation slides 
 - [Hygerta & Sila] Work on visuals of the game 
 - [Aldo, Baris, Endi] Further work on the UI
 - [Aldo, Baris, Endi] Prepare game screenshots which will be used in the final report

**Meeting on Nov 19 , 15:30**
-----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila
</br>***Location:*** B Building - room 106


*Agenda*
  -Recheck the presentation slides.
  -Rehearse the presentation slides before the demo.
  -Simulate potential questions that could be asked during the Demo.
  
  
*Action Items*
  -[All] Worked collaboratively on reviewing the parts that were fitting for the presentation and which parts were likely to change based on the feedback that was recently given by Eray Hoca.
  -[Aldo] Took the introduction and the sequence diagrams in the presentation.
  -[Endi] Took the part of object diagram and part of sequence diagram.
  -[Baris] Took the functional and nonfunctional part in the presentation.
  -[Sila] Took the explanation of the activity diagram and part of the game solver class.
  -[Hygerta] Took the presentation of the state diagram and part of the game solver class.
  -[All] Presented the first iteration demo at 17:40.
  
  
  

***Meeting on Nov 24 , 17:00***
--------------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila
</br>***Location:*** B Building - room 106


*Agenda*
  -Discuss on the feedback given by both the TA and the professor on the day of the demo.
  -Discuss on the overall milestones needed for the second iteration of the project (5 weeks of time).
  -Divide the workload for the analysis report iteration 2.
  
  
  
  
*Action Items*
  -[All] Brainstormed on what could be improved into our game design and what was going wrong on the design. Read the TA feedback on the first iteration of the analysis report and took into consideration the advices gotten on the meeting arranged with the TA (earlier this week)
  -[Aldo] was assigned the timer mode sequence diagram which was wrong from the first iteration of the Analysis Report.  
  -[Baris] was assigned the Play Game sequence diagram, to make minor fixes that would reflect the intended changes on the game play.
  -[Hygerta] was assigned the checking of the scenarios and the use cases of the first Analysis Report.
  -[Endi] was assigned with making the change on the object model to reflect the added attributes and methods for this report along with some higher level managing structures of the game.
  -[Sila] was assigned the provision of the textual parts that were missing for the diagrams and figures in the first iteration of the report. She also had to update the use case diagram to have the proper changes that reflected the second iteration design of the game.
  -[Unexpected event] The Analysis report deadline was extended to 27th of November.
  
  
  
  

**Meeting on Nov 26 , 16:00**
------------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila
</br> ***Location:*** B Building 

*Agenda*
  -Discuss on the progress of the work done for the second iteration of the Analysis Report.
  
  
*Action Items*
  -[All] Discussed on the status quo of the project so far and on the tomorrow's deadline for the Analysis Report. Agreed on the changes done so far and on working through google drive docs to make the last necessary additions to the report.
  
  
  

**Meeting on Dec 02 , 11:30**
-----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila
</br>***Location:*** Library

*Agenda*
  -Predefine the milestones and requirements of the design report phase.
  -Prepare a detailed action plan to follow for the upcoming week.
  
  
  
*Action Items*
  -[Sila and Gerta] Set up the logistics on Google Drive Docs for the team members to edit a “Checklist” Document that would be updated each time a missing part from the Design Report of the Iteration 1 would come across. This was kept as an internal logging structure of the “To do-s” in the team.
  -[Baris and Sila] Had to brainstorm on the added features of the system. (These features were due to team carelessness not added in the Analysis Report).
  -[Aldo and Endi] Focus on the new features as well on the parts of the game play that have bugs and that  will be changed on the final version of the game.
  
  

**Meeting on Dec 08 , 11:00**
-----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila
</br>***Location:*** Library


*Agenda*
  -Fix the Design Report of Iteration 01.
  -Introduce a new component diagram that encompasses the changes introduced in the second iteration of the project.
  
  
*Action Items*
  -[Baris] Worked on the explanations of the diagrams and the figures introduced in the first iteration to match with the newly introduced terminology of the second iteration.
  -[Hygerta] Worked on improving the component diagram to make use of the notations taught in the last week of classes and to cut down the no longer valid components (due to changes in the project design in this phase).  
  -[Endi] had to work on the notations of the class diagram to match the dependency relation introduced on the component diagram by Hygerta.
  -[Sila and Aldo] were assigned the generation of  new possible features that would be represented into the the game design. All these were inserted into the “Checklist” logging file created the previous week.
  
  

**Meeting on Dec 12 , 18:00**
-----------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila
</br>***Location:*** Google Hangouts - Online


*Agenda*
  -Wrap up the design report iteration 02.
  -Check the report for missing parts before the submission at 23:59.
  
  
  
*Action Items*
  -[Aldo and Baris] updated the class diagram to include the newly proposed features both in functionality and the in the UI design. Wrote the missing textual descriptions of the attributes for each class.
  -[Aldo] Wrote why we chose a File System instead of a database for the storage structure.
  -[Aldo and Endi] Decided on the package names and divisions on the class diagram.
  -[Sila and Gerta] Checked if all the requirements have been met. Gave the to be added feature design for the system. Reviewed the system design and system decomposition.
  -[Endi] Dealt with the Access Matrix building for the Rush Hour game design.
  -[Baris] Dealt with the page numbers and formatting.Made sure the content is submitted on time and accordingly. Reviewed the System Design for readibility and completeness.


**Meeting on Dec 17 , 17:30**
---------------------------------

***Participants:*** Aldo, Baris, Endi, Hygerta, Sila
</br>***Location:*** B Building


*Agenda*
  -Discuss on the implementation subdivision of tasks.
  -Define how we will deal with the final report writing.
  
  
*Action Items*
  -[Aldo and Endi] were assigned the fixing of the small bugs present on the first demo of the project. They also have to implement the newly added features of the game along with the Game Timer and the Star Manager for the scoring system.
  -[Baris, Gerta and Sila] were assigned the Game Solver class. They have to determine the logistics of the algorithm that will solve any given map input in the game and that can display hint accordingly. They also have to take case of the Sound Effects and the missing UI for each of the features that need to be implemented.
  -[All] Each code part that is to be implemented, as we make the changes we will have to remove any unnecessary chunk present in the respective classes.

---
  
